Michael, thank you very much for being here.
It will be a pleasure, for many reasons,
among others, because it is a very
interesting topic.
The theme of influencers, which
generates people a lot of curiosity,
etc.
First, tell us what the benefits
of influencer marketing are.
It is a very trending topic,
but also a very complicated
topic and therefore also needs
a lot of interest.
The main benefit or goal
of an influencer marketing campaign
for me goes into two parts.
One is that you want to access the
influencer audience, considering that
these influencers have emerged
now with very niche audiences,
which I say niche, but that they
can be millionaire, but niches
in themes, say, and you
want to access with your communication,
with your campaign to
that audience.
But the second and that goes hand
in hand is that it is the prescription
of influencing your audience, because
of itself the audience,
obviously, we can impact it, but
that the fundamental part is that
the prescriber, who is the person
referring to that audience,
say something in favor of
our brand.
Of course, it is not as if that
million people are impacted by
paying, imagine, in different
ways, but that many times paying
people are very reckless, advertising
generates more and more aversion,
but it is that someone is telling
him that person, that million
people, follows, believes
in him or in him, trusts,
etc.
And that is a very niche audience,
too, that can be specified,
we are based on very broad
audiences, here we have something
very specific.
This is the third advantage,
which we can segment very
well.
Perfect, now I would love you tell
us what types of influencers
there are, because it will help
us understand this world a little
better and also will help
us understand if we want to
do a campaign, a little to value
where we have to go.
We could classify influencers
by three parameters, i.e. three
ways, by type of influencer,
by social networking platform,
mainly, and by type of
content.
As for the type of influencers, we
can say that there is the famous,
the celebrity influencer, the
one who is a television presenter,
actor, footballer, who is the most
conventional, who is well known
by conventional media
and who usually have smaller auditions
on social networks and charge
a lot, mainly for the
right of image, more than
for their audience.
Then we have the native influencer,
this person who has arisen
from the way technology has
allowed someone to distribute
their messages and communication
to large, without having
owners of a radio station.
Especially through social networks,
because people who have started working,
many children or adolescents
or older people, have started
to communicate and have created
an audience.
These people are beginning to live
from it today, it depends on the platform,
but yes, they are already professionals
in terms of influencers and
they have the effectiveness
of prescription.
And the latter is micro influencers,
they are emerging, they are small
accounts that are also native
influencers, but still do not live
from it, but they have the curiosity
that they have the highest level
of prescription in front of their audience.
This is common sense, because if
you have more prescription
power over your five best friends,
taking it to the extreme, than
over your 5,000 friends on
Facebook, well that 5,000 friends
are a lot, but if you have
5,000 friends on Facebook.
The link is much closer, with which
the prescription level
is fired, they are the three main
types and I’m going to say that
the conventional native influencer,
man, are people who are not so
known outside the environment
of their audience, very familiar
with their audience and
not so known outside that
environment.
Effectively, it’s a youtuber
who has 5 million followers,
but that none of these students
know him, because he talks
about topics you don’t have
to know.
For your audience, you are God.
The second factor to consider
is the platform, obviously,
because there we have the main
ones that could be instagram,
facebook, twitter and youtube,
also have implications
about where we want to be.
Instagram is the one that is most used
at the level of influencer marketing,
because we can work with smaller
budgets and is populated
with influencers.
The image theme is a lot worked
out, obviously there is all the
interaction achieves.
and shared.
After we have youtube, youtube is where
we have the most well-known influencers,
because as it works in the video they
have been exposed more as people,
then it is a bit the evolution of the
tele, because it is youtube and
the most famous, the rubies,
the names we know most, sweet
of all, because they come
from there.
It’s a bit more expensive by the
format of producing a video on a photo
on Instagram, it’s and we
get the highest return, the best
ROI, the return on investment
on youtube.
We have a big budget
as well.
We can do small campaigns,
but where we make big
budgets with top influencers,
we get the best ROI of
all social media.
For example, 100,000 people see you.
At the lowest price, right.
Youtube also allows you to explain
more, if you have a product,
an activation that requires
a more extensive explanation,
the best is a video on youtube,
explains much more than a photo,
obviously.
Then we have Facebook, which is
the first social networks, where
we have a larger audience, we
do not have many influencers
who work on Facebook as the
main account, although influencers
always have all the social networks,
they have one where their contents
are centered and Facebook
is not where we have that, it
costs us much more to find
influencers centered on Facebook.
And twitter is the one that gives
us less ROI, it has all, it is
the one that has less interaction,
less views and works very well
for conversation, for a campaign
we create trend, with a hashtag
for example, the conversation
works very well.
And then the third category
is really the theme.
And the theme, because there where
the contents of the influencers
most affect, obviously the
lifestyle, which englobe fashion,
beauty, then we have gamers,
who are very potent, we have
training, training also that
englobe in the broad sense, that
we have here, like we have kitchen
recipes, tutorials of manualities,
we have decoration, we have
science with experiments
or mathematics, that is
a coat does not fall into account
that it is one of the most successful
formats within social networks,
especially the video.
I’m going to make a final summary,
it will help us understand how the
world of influencer said, it
will help companies that want
to have information to start planning
an action.
First, three types of influencers,
the celebrities that are the famous,
who charge for the brand image that
they don’t have so many followers
on social media because
it’s not their story, they’
re another thing, since a footballer,
a presenter, whatever
it is.
We have native influencers who
have big audiences because
basically it is what they monetize
and we have micro influencers,
who are people who have less
audience but who have more prescription
power, because they have more
relationship than influencers,
but in any case all have
a high prescription power
over that audience.
On the other hand, we have to keep
in mind that influencers are present
on different platforms,
they use one platform mainly,
but then also in some cases
the posts they do or whatever
because they also publish
them in others.
And each platform also has features,
you have to understand them
well, because for example
Instagram is the natural platform
if your category is related to,
if what they sell is related
to fashion, beauty, etc. And
it is also the one that grows
most, the world of influencer
is growing a lot in
Instagram, young people,
etc.
YouTube has that roll is very
high because it is that you
have influencers with a
beastly audience.
Scenes of millions.
That’s and also allows you
to communicate a little more sophisticated
proposals because clear if my proposal
is something super innovative and
it’s not understood, because in
a photo on Instagram I can’t plug
a little, try to turn traffic to
the website, I don’t know, but
YouTube allows you to tell
the whole proposal, the video,
the explanation below, etc.
And then you talk about Facebook
that is not a social network so
used by influencers, but
that has a giant audience and
Twitter that has less impact.
Influencers can be
classified according to the
theme they are talking
about.
A gamer is a guy who speaks about
video games in his videos.
Of course, it’s crucial to fit your
campaign and your activation with
that content because if you want
to get the result of your video with
that influencer to be the same as
the rest.
For two reasons because, that is,
your proposal has to be related to
the content, with the theme of that
channel because first if not, you
won’t sell.
If it is that you will go to an audience
that is not you and also, because
it is that if, in addition to
that audience can even get you
to bother, I don’t know how
to say it.
Yes, yes, it creates rejection.
There must be alignment.
And as you said, and it’s an interesting
conclusion, there are a lot of categories.
There are influencers of all kinds, there
are influencers of all kinds.
Therefore, this should be
kept in the minds of our students
in that for almost every company
there may be an influencer who can...
Yes, yes, there are all kinds of things,
yes, in all kinds of things.
Also, if you sell fashion themes,
because everyone who is in fashion
knows that you can turn to influencers,
but it’s that you sell almost
what you sell, look, because
there may be some influencer
that is related to your
category.
Of course, from athletes,
families, there are all kinds
of themes that can fit and there is
that it is a selection and you
have to look really to find those
categories that best fit with your
campaign.